Document nixfmt-tree (#315)
NixOS/nixfmt: README.md

### In a project

#### `nixfmt-tree`

> [`nixfmt-tree`](<<<) provides a zero-setup starter using `treefmt`.

Reviewer: How about this alternative phrasing?

```suggestion
[`nixfmt-tree`](<<<) provides an instance of `treefmt`, pre-configured to use nixfmt.
```

Simply add it to your shell:

```nix
mkShell {
  packages = [ pkgs.nixfmt-tree ];
}
```

> And run `treefmt` to format your entire project.

Reviewer: Ideally we'd hint that the shell needs to be entered and that this pre-configured treefmt will only touch nix files:

```suggestion
Then run `treefmt` from within your shell to format all nix files in your project.
```

My wording feels slightly awkward, but maybe it inspires something better?
